Add python static PIE example (#10)
unikraft/static-pie-apps: python/README.md

> # Build python as static PIE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build Python as static PIE
```

> # Build python as static PIE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Build Python as static PIE
```

> Build the [python](https://www.python.org/) interpreter as a static PIE ELF running on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the [Python](https://www.python.org/) interpreter as a static PIE ELF running on Linux.
```

> Build the [python](https://www.python.org/) interpreter as a static PIE ELF running on Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build the [Python](https://www.python.org/) interpreter as a static PIE ELF running on Linux.
```

## Requirements

Make sure the following packages are installed:

> * gcc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GCC
```

> * gcc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GCC
```

* GNU Make

> For Debian based systems, run the command below to install all requirements:
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Debian based systems, run the command below to install all requirements:

```
```

> For Debian based systems, run the command below to install all requirements:
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Debian-based systems, run the command below to install all requirements:

```
```

Add empty line before triple backticks.

$ sudo apt install build-essential
```

## Build

The `python` static PIE ELF file is located in the current folder.
If you want to rebuild it, run:

```
$ ./build.sh
```

## Running

> To run the `python` binary, you need to specifiy where it can find the `Lib`
> folder. This can be done by setting the `PYTHONPATH` variable. The `Lib` folder
> is normally found in the source files. Here, there is also in the `rootfs`
> folder. Therefore, to run the binary, you can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the `python` binary, you need to specify where it can find the `Lib/` folder.
This can be done by setting the `PYTHONPATH` variable.
The `Lib/` folder is normally found in the source files.
Here, there is also in the `rootfs/` folder.
Therefore, to run the binary, use this:
```

> To run the `python` binary, you need to specifiy where it can find the `Lib`
> folder. This can be done by setting the `PYTHONPATH` variable. The `Lib` folder
> is normally found in the source files. Here, there is also in the `rootfs`
> folder. Therefore, to run the binary, you can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the `python` binary, you need to speciify where it can find the `Lib/` folder.
This can be done by setting the `PYTHONPATH` variable.
The `Lib/` folder is normally found in the source files.
In this case, it's part of the `rootfs/` folder.
Therefore, to run the binary, you can do this:
```

Use `/` as suffix for folder names.
Once sentence (and only one) per line.

```
$ PYTHONPATH=$PWD/rootfs/Lib ./python
```

> If you rebuilt the python binary with a new version of python, you may need to
> replace the Lib folder from rootfs with the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you rebuilt the Python binary with a new version of Python, you may need to replace the `Lib/` folder from `rootfs/` with the new version.
```

> If you rebuilt the python binary with a new version of python, you may need to
> replace the Lib folder from rootfs with the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you rebuilt the `python` binary with a new version of Python.
You may need to replace the `Lib/` folder from `rootfs/` with the new version.
```

# Build Python as static PIE

Build the [Python](https://www.python.org/) interpreter as a static PIE ELF running on Linux.

## Requirements

Make sure the following packages are installed:

* GCC
* GNU Make
* OpenSSL

For Debian-based systems, run the command below to install all requirements:

```
$ sudo apt install build-essential libssl-dev
```

## Build

The `python` static PIE ELF file is located in the current folder.
If you want to rebuild it, run:

```
$ ./build.sh
```

This script downloads, unpacks, patches, configures and builds the `python` static PIE ELF file.
It also builds the `rootfs.tar` archive with the required libraries.

## Running

To run the `python` static binary, you need to unpack the `rootfs.tar` archive:

```
$ tar xf rootfs.tar
```

This creates the `rootfs/` folder that stores the libraries required for running Python.

To run Python, pass the `rootfs/` folder in Python environment variables:

```
$ PYTHONHOME=$PWD/rootfs/ PYTHONPATH=$PWD/rootfs/ ./python

> ```

Reviewer 2: I would add something about running a script using the python static PIE ELF.
```text
If you want to run a script using the static PIE python you can pass it as an argument to the ELF file:
`$ PYTHONHOME=$PWD/rootfs/ PYTHONPATH=$PWD/rootfs/ ./python script.py`
```
